did a North Carolina high school
students freedom of speech gets
squelched when his teacher told him he
could be arrested for speaking badly of
President Barack Obama listen to this
Jeremy now Hunter Rogers the student
involved in that taped incident also
with us as his mother Gina Rogers
welcome to you both
thank you hello so so hunter this
episode took place about a week ago at
your high school why did you decide to
take the conversation what kind of
dialogue had been going on between the
class and this particular teacher she
always has open discussions about like
the presidents and candidates and she
doesn't want to hear anything but what
she believes and it's I mean if you
disagree you get berated and put down
and I just decided they finally get some
proof of it so one of the topics that
was being discussed was whether or not
Mitt Romney had been a bully to somebody
when he was in high school and you
brought up President Obama's personal
experience that's documented in his own
book is that how it played out
mm-hmm would you say we had we we asked
if President Obama had been a bully in
high school and she told us that she
didn't know not to her knowledge and
then immediately she got defensive and
started screaming at me so after you got
this tape recording you played it for
your mom and Gina what what or who did
you play it for first my dad and
eventually he played it for your mom
Gina what was your reaction because I
know initially when you heard this story
I thought ah teens exaggerate they blow
things out of proportion a little bit
what was your thought I was just shocked
that this was happening in the classroom
he had been telling us for
quite a while now that this kind of
behavior was happening and we did not
disbelieve him but we just did not
realize that it was that extreme what is
your number one problem with what's on
the table well first of all I don't feel
the teacher should have started a
political discussion if she wasn't
willing to hear both sides and then my
biggest concern is that this teacher is
responsible for teaching my child and
hundreds of others and she is not
teaching them factual information hunter
she told you that you would be arrested
would you think of that honestly at the
time I wanted to laugh at her because
you know I've been taught on my life
that nobody can take your opinion or
nobody can take your freedom of speech
and she was telling me just that I could
be arrested for slander and I've been
told in my life you'd have to you have
to threaten the president to get
arrested and she she kept telling me
over and over again people were arrested
for disrespecting and slandering the
president at the time I wanted to laugh
but it wasn't you know probably not
appropriate but once he had the tape
action was taken it's my understanding
now that she has been suspended as a
teacher with pay here is the statement
from the school system the Rouen
Salisbury school system expects all
students employees to be respectful in
the school environment and for all
teachers to maintain their
professionalism in the classroom this
incident should serve as an education
for all teachers to stop and reflect on
their interaction with students we will
continue to follow this story we'll have
another segment on it coming up on Fox
and Friends Hunter and Gina Rogers thank
you for sharing your story with Fox and
Friends today all right thank you keep